CourseHub Ethics Policy
	At CourseHub, we make it our business to provide quality education that is accessible and convenient for all who have a desire to learn. We leverage the use of leading-edge technology and design practices to make sure our platform meets and exceeds our customers’ expectations. In order to meet this end, we need our customers to trust our services and handling of their data.  With this in mind, we consider our commitment to these established core values as the foundation of our continuing business.
1.	Users own and control their data, not CourseHub.
This means that user data is not a product to be sold to third parties. Everything stored on a user profile, be it subscribed courses and grades or avatars and profile information, is kept in a secure database. The information in our databases is not available to anyone else without the user’s consent.
2.	CourseHub adheres to the top standards of quality for education.
All of the courses we offer are independently verified by trusted third-party organizations such as Quality Matters and ICDE. This way our customers know they are paying for quality education. We also make continuous improvements to our platform, teaching the most up-to-date knowledge and improving our website’s user experience.
3.	CourseHub promotes an open and safe learning space for all its customers. 
We make sure that our platform is inclusive and respectful, providing a safe haven for learners from all backgrounds. We want to foster a diverse community, where different perspectives are celebrated and learning from one another is paramount. In order to ensure this, we do not tolerate discrimination or harassment, and we actively monitor for this and discipline those who do.
4.	Making education available to all means committing to accessibility. 
This means that, in addition to our improvements in our education quality, we are also continually working to improve the access and usability of our website and mobile app. We also do this in accordance with modern standards, namely the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which is what we use as a benchmark in addition to customer feedback.
